What are you doing? Your little dog eyes,
What are you doing? I want to make a small piece of land for you. What small piece of land are you doing?
What are you doing in this small land?
What small land are you doing? What small land are you doing?
What small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, What are you doing in this small land?
What small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do,
What small land are you doing? What small land are you doing?
What small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do, what small land do you do,
What are you doing in this small land?
What kind of small land are you doing? You pretend every day